hello friends in this video I will show you how to change the cell phone in gt to san
andreas first have to enter gt aínsa and point with selects nesquens and
then ancel selection funds once you enter here you will find several
cell phones that can download they click on the cell phone they want to download
keep
Once the download is finished, click on drag the folder to the desktop
then they enter the folder and font there were yes you will find these two files for
use them you have to use this program and mg tul give you still click
to the program accept then they give the open and they look for a file and mg called gt
to three and mg enter computer or pc give you tobi click hard disk or local disk
then files of programs rockstar games gt a san andreas' models give
will open gt to three and mg if your pc is slow like mine could take a little
here several files will appear pressure in f2 a box will appear
who says look for copy one of the names of the files that I showed them
in the folder and font Cuba and they give replace go to the desk and open
the folder and font as he is given will open the file with the same name
then they search for the second file and do the same thing before doing this
a backup copy of the gt file to three and mg or search the two files and
They can extract good once the files are replaced they give click to commands and
reject file this may take a little close the program and train to gt a san
andreas' to see if it works as they see now cj does not have that brick he used
before you can download and mg many others and cleo without gt ainsa
and point to or in club what point is tele point if they want to know about the
more important programs can watch this video answering their questions
by clou lock I recorded this video with z of soft I wrote frax you can
find them lins in the video description by the way if you like them
the games are Venezuelan and they hate Chavez they can join the group of
antwerp of venezuela the link is also in the description of the good video
subscribe I hope you have served the video goodbye